So let's continue working with their Francia.
Now you can see that we are showing the Canton in the front page of the content that we have in these
charcoal so mega-watt are going necklet and arguments and Youmans very well what I said this to Ray
and we can clear the way.
So for example the ground balls per page.
And here is the amount of products that you want to display.
This is going to be 10 so what are the bowls type and the post-Iowa that comes from all the products
you clicked on Kummer broke here.
An avenue you can see on the top and says post-fight equals the brother.
Cingular So next we up the thing with this is what I sample to start working during what we're going
to like their brogues equals to new WP and we pass these arguments and then we have.
While it's like other products post this is the standard whether you that obviously WordPress products
they post they cost and we have in the white and white and though to be a set cost data so before these
while I'm going to have a nickel in we're going to create an all northerlies with the glass slider brokes
and right here right after this in Wilens I'm going to close at least right here I'm going to close
BHB.
And another lie.
Each of the balls that we live in is going to be NLI.
And then we have an anchor and we're going to add a BHP link up pitch block and we're going at the permalink
and right here inside we're going to have the title of the of the broke.
And when I grab this and say that I need three
grossing each three and for example for the size of the of the balls and I use BHP again.
That dominated the size that I went to these players shop underskirt got a little.
So these will display the size of the product.
This is a size that is great starting with commerce.
So let's open these into reload and then you can see we have essentially you said you
and we have someone that Brodies.
So this is working nice.
So the gwet is working bad in the next video we're going to see how we can access the bases like that
or metal's to make this work.